"Eins, zwei, drei, alle!"
Ooh-ooh, you cannot reach me now (oh-oh)
Ooh-ooh, no matter how you try (oh-oh)
Goodbye, cruel world, it's over
Walk on by

Sitting in a bunker here behind my wall
Waiting for the worms to come (worms to come)
In perfect isolation here behind my wall
Waiting for the worms to come (worms to come)

"The worms will convene at 1:15 outside Brixton Town Hall where we will be going in force!"

(Waiting) to cut out the deadwood
(Waiting) to clean up the city
(Waiting) to follow the worms
(Waiting) to put on a black shirt
(Waiting) to weed out the weaklings
(Waiting) to smash in their windows and kick in their doors

(Waiting) for the final solution to strengthen the strain
(Waiting) to follow the worms
(Waiting) to turn on the showers and fire the ovens
(Waiting) for the queers and the coons and the reds and the Jews
(Waiting) to follow the worms

Would you like to see Britannia rule again (Would you like to see us rule again)
My friend?
All you have to do is follow the worms

Would you like to send our coloured cousins home again (Would you like to send them home again)
My friend?
All you need to do is follow the worms

"The Worms will convene outside Brixton Bus Station
Where we'll be moving along at about 12 o'clock down Stockwell Road"
"At that point, we'll be heading towards Lambeth Road

Where we will walk calmly with resistance, leaving twelve minutes to three as we move along Lambeth Road towards Vauxhall Bridge"

"Now when we get to the other side of Vauxhall Bridge
We're in the Westminster Borough area, It's quite possible that we may encounter
Some Jew boys all the way from four, five, and six on the way as we go" (hammer! hammer! hammer)

"Now is the time to clean up the city, for this is the beginning (hammer! Hammer! Hammer!)
We need to secure our people! (Hammer! Hammer! Hammer)

We can't stand around and let ourselves be robbed, maimed, and killed!" (Hammer! Hammer! Hammer!)
"And when we make it to the highclock (hammer! Hammer! Hammer)

Corner, I want you to spread it out and find them!" (hammer! Hammer! Hammer!)
"Storm the halls, and then tear the walls and the doors! (Hammer! Hammer! Hammer)
(Hammer! Hammer! Hammer! Hammer!)
Stop!
