Bitch, fuck!
Uh, uh (fuck)
Got a question

How many cars can I buy 'til I run out of drive?
How much drive can I have until I run outta road?
How much road can they pave until I run outta land?
How much land can there be until I run in the ocean?

Niggas go with the motions and all the plans
See, I was never into the beaches and all the sands
See, I was in the woods with flowers, rainbows and posies falling outta my pocket
But y'all wanna know if I swam to cool down
How much cooler can I get until I run outta fans?
How many fans can I have until they turn on the AC?
If that AC blow, well then I'm TNT, I'm gone

I'm gone and I'm finished
And I ain't seen my friends in a minute
Guessing nothing lasts forever, no, nothing lasts forever
Nothing sticks together, oh
Sick of sitting in doubt, please let me figure this out, out

Shout out to the girls that I led on for occasional head
And always keeping my bed warm and trying their hardest to keep my head on straight
And keeping me up enough 'til I had thought I was airborne
How many raps can I write 'til I get me a chain?
How many chains can I wear 'til I'm considered a slave?
How many slaves can it be 'til Nat Turner arise?
How many riots can it be until them Black lives matter?

And niggas click-clack splatter
Pew, pew that nigga
Life a game of basketball, you better shoot that nigga
'Cause if that cop got trigger he better pull
'Cause when I get pulled over I usually play it cool
'Cause I know what I'm driving is usually paid in full
And my ego and possessions will not let me be one

Because I got a mansion, my mansion got some rooms
Them rooms got some windows
And my windows got some views
Them views get some stares
And my backyard does too
And if you walk to the bottom you'll prolly see a pool
You better not drown, keep them ten toes up
'Cause if them toes down that means that you fucked up
And that's what I swim in

And if I drown and don't come back, who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I crash and don't come back, who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
And if I fall and don't come back, who's gonna know? (Maybe then I'll know)
I'm wondering if I don't come back, maybe then I'll know

Don't come back
Don't come back
Ay-yeah, don't come back, don't come back, no, no-oh, oh
