I am born
I am me
I am new
I am free
Look at me
I am young
Sight unseen
Life unsung

My eyes have just been opened and they're open very wide
Images around me don't identify inside
Just one blur I recognize, the one that soothes and feeds
My way of life is easy and as simple are my needs

Yet my eyes are drawn toward the mountain in the east
Fascinates and captivates, gives my heart no peace
The mountain holds the sunrise in the prison of the night
Until bursting forth from rocky chains, the valley floods with light

Living one long sunrise, for to me, all things are new
I've never watched the sky grow pale, or strolled through fields of dew
I do not know of dust to dust, I live from breath to breath
I live to climb that mountain to the Fountain of Lamneth

Yet my eyes are drawn toward the mountain in the east
Fascinates and captivates and gives my heart no peace
The mountain holds the sunrise in the prison of the night
Until bursting forth from rocky chains, the valley floods with light

(Stay!) Go!
(Work!) No!
(Think!) Live!
(Earn!) Give!
(Wait!) Fight!
(Laugh!) Right!

Listen!

Crying back to consciousness, the coldness grips my skin
The sky is pitching violently, drawn by shrieking winds
Seaspray blurs my vision, waves roll by so fast
Save my ship of freedom, I'm lashed helpless to the mast

Remembering when first I held the wheel in my own hands
I took the helm so eagerly and sailed for distant lands
But now the sea's too heavy
And I just, I just don't understand
Why must my crew desert me when I need, I need a guiding hand?

Call out for direction and there's no one there to steer
Shout out for salvation, but there's no one there to hear
Cry out supplication, for the maelstrom is near
Scream out desperation, but no one cares to hear

The whiteness of confusion is unfolding from my mind
I stare around in wonder, have I left my life behind?

I catch the scent of ambergris
And turn my head, surprised
My gaze is caught and held
And I am helpless, mesmerized

Panacea, liquid grace
Oh, let me touch your fragile face
Enchantment falls around me
And I know I cannot leave

Here's a meaning for my life
A shelter from the storm
Pacify my troubles with her body, soft and warm
Naked in our unity, a smile for every tear
Gentle hands that promise me comfort through the years

Yet I know I must be gone
Before the light of dawn

Panacea, passion pure
I can't resist your gentle lure
My heart will lie beside you
And my wandering body grieves

Another endless day, silhouettes of grey
Another glass of wine, drink with eyes that shine
Today's without that chill at morning
Long night's time out of mind

Draw another goblet from the cask of '43
Crimson misty memory, hazy glimpse of me
Give me back my wonder, I've something more to give
I guess it doesn't matter
There's not much more to, not much more to live

Another foggy dawn, the mountain almost gone
Another doubtful fear, the road is not so clear
My soul grows ever weary and the end is ever near

Draw another goblet from the cask of '43
Crimson misty memory, hazy glimpse of me
Give me back my wonder, I've something more to give
I guess it doesn't matter
There's not much more to, not much more to live

Look, the mist is rising, and the sun is peaking through
See the steps grow lighter as I reach their final few
Hear the dancing waters, I must be drawing near
Feel, my heart is pounding with embattled hope and fear

Now, at last I fall before the Fountain of Lamneth
I thought I would be singing, but I'm tired, out of breath
Many journeys end here, but the secret's told the same
Life is just a candle and a dream must give it flame

The key, the end, the answer, stripped of their disguise
Still, it's all confusion, and tears spring to my eyes
Though I've reached a signpost, it's really not the end
Like Old Sol' behind the mountain, I'll be coming up again

I'm in motion
I am still
I am crying
I am still
I'm together
I'm apart
I'm forever
At the start
Still, I am
