Heaven only knows, heaven only knows
Heaven only knows, heaven only knows
Heaven only knows, heaven only knows (yeah, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows, heaven only knows (oh, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows, heaven only knows (oh, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows, heaven only knows (yeah)

Last night was the worst night
Beginning of the end
Or maybe it began before it, here we go again
Things got so dramatic
Things got out of hand
We said words we couldn't imagine
I don't understand, oh

There you go with the same old thing
When things go wrong, oh, you always seem to blame me
But now I'd like to find what secrets hide in your mind
Where the end will go, will I ever know?

Heaven only knows (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows, yeah (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)

Make this night the best night
It's time for second chance
Turn the beat up on repeat, and we could start to dance

Sometimes when we're talking words
You're drowned out by the sound
So, let's get back to touching, we'll get back on solid ground

Oh, let's hold hands like the young romance
Let's first kiss like the moment we first did
Can we make love like way back in the day, love?
We can lose control, baby don't say "No"

Heaven only knows (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
Heaven only knows, oh-oh (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
Oh yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)

Love (will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?)
Heaven only knows (will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?)
Oh, heaven only knows (will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?)
Oh, oh yeah, oh, oh (will you come back to me? Will you come back to me?)

Make this night the best night (heaven only knows)
It's time for second chance (heaven only knows)
Turn the beat up on repeat (heaven only knows)
And we could start to dance (heaven only knows)

Oh, oh yeah-yeah (heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
(Heaven only knows, heaven only knows) yeah, yeah-yeah
(Heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
(Heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
(Heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
(Heaven only knows, heaven only knows)
