See if there's a black-and-white that can do a drive-by
People are gonna have to die on this one
As long as it ain't me ahead, I don't give a shit, just part of the job
Are you resisting arrest?
I haven't beaten anyone this bad in a long time
Ah, come on, those beatings, those people were resisting arrest! (Uh)
When we get together, doin' our thing
In order to help each other

Driving down the motherfuckin' highway
The flyway hey bitch you goin' my way?
Now I got a passenger
I look at the miniskirt and I'm askin' her
Would you like to hit the fat bud
Or perhaps can I run your name through the mud
I mean are you giving up the nappy dugout?
She said no well then get the fuck out
'Cause I know where the hoes be fienin'
Plus your fat ass got my six deuce leanin'

Bust a U on the avenue
Why oh why there ain't shit to do
But then sir jinx played his mix
And you thought that shit played out in eighty six
Lookin' for my dogs
Looked up in the mirror being followed by the hogs
One time's on my motherfuckin' line
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me
They must think it's a G
They both walk up with the G-L-O-C

(Get out of the car! There was a robbery; the nigga looked just like you!
All right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks!)

Started they investigation
No driver's license no registration
When I stepped out the car they slammed me
Goddamn ya'll who got the camera?

Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Who got the camera?
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit

No lights no camera no action
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name is Jackson
He said don't lie to me
I'm lookin' for John, Matty, or Spike Lee
The motherfuckers called for back up
I guess they planned to beat the mack up
He called me a silly ass thug
And pulled out his Billy ass club
Tearin' up my coupe lookin' for the chronic
Goddamn nobody got a Panasonic

Found an empty can of old gold
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold
Fucked around and broke my pager
Then they hit a nigga with the taser
The motherfucking pigs were tryin' to hurt me
I fell to the floor and yelled Lord have mercy
Then they hit me in the face, ya'll
But to them it ain't nuttin' but (a friendly game of base ball)
Crowd stood around I said goddamn ya
Who got the camera

Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Who the fuck got the camera?
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit

I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'
That they was gonna put some work in
Mr. Law had to hit me in the jaw
Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges
They played rat-a-tat-tat on me head
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat they'd be dead
A victim of a big fat 187
And little devils don't go to heaven
Last night there were eleven but they wasn't scarin' me
So they tried the flashlight therapy

I looked at the black one and called him a traitor
I don't give a fuck if you got a beta
Just take my fuckin' picture
So I can go downtown and bitch and pitch ya
The one that called me a spook
His name is officer David Duke
If the crowd weren't around they would've shot me
Tried to play me out like my name was Rodney

Fuckin' police gettin' badder
'Cause if I had a camera the shit wouldn't matter
(Bitch), uh who got my nine, who got my nine
Ya'll done did it this time, uh
Who the fuck got my nine?
