Drop!

Drop!
Drop!
D-d-d-rop!
D-d-d-rop!
Let me freak the funk, obsolete is the punk
That talks more junk than Sanford sells
I jet propel at a rate, that complicate their mental state
As I invade their Masquerade, they couldn't fade with a clipper blade
10 years in the trade is not enough, you can't cut it
I let you take a swing, and you bunted for an easy out
I leave emcees with doubt of exceeding
My name is Bootie Brown and I'm proceeding, leading
They try to follow, but they're shallow and hollow
I can see right through them like an empty 40 bottle of O.E
They have no key or no clue
To the game at all, now they washed up
Hung out to dry
Stand there looking stupid, wondering why
(Why man?)
It was the fame (fame), that they tried to get
Now they walking around talkin' about represent
And keep it real, but I got to appeal
'Cause they existing in a fantasy when holding the steel
Drop!
D-d-d-rop!
D-d-d-rop!
D-d-d-rop!
D-d-d-rop!
D-d-d-rop!
Rock-a-bye baby
Listen to your heartbeat pumping to a fine
Ravine of all things it's a vain of a shrine
All missions impossible are possible, 'cause I'm
Headed for a new sector 365
Days from now, I'll wipe the sweat from my eye
And each and every true will stick or fall from the skies
Of my cloud nine
From homies all the way to chicks, no matter how fine
Controlling is a swollen way to wreck a proud mind
You hold it in your hands and watch a man start crying
Tear after tear in the puppet man's hands
Every time you take a stance you do the puppet man's dance
And the world's at a standstill, deep in broken-man's-ville
Trapped in the moat with an anvil, still
Killing yourself (uh-huh), and dogging ya health
You ain't amphibious, so grab a hold of yourself
(Shit is, shit is ill)
But through my will, my flow still will spill
Toxic slick to shock sick like electrocute
When I execute acutely over the rhythm
On those that pollute, extra dosages is what I gotta give 'em
Got 'em mad and tremblin'
'Cause I been up in my lab assemblin'
Missiles to bomb the enemy
Because they envy me and the making of my mad currency
Currently I think we're in a state of an emergency
'Cause niggas done sold their souls, and now their souls is hollow
And I think they can't follow
They can't swallow the truth because it hurts
This is how I put it down, this is my Earth, my turf
The worth of my birth is a billion
And you know what time it is I'm gonna make a million
Yeah, you know what time is it?
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what time is it?
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what time is it?
Yeah, uh-huh, you know what time?
I got the supersonic shit that'll blow your mind
Believe it or not, it's so divine
(I got the supersonic shit that'll blow your mind)
We all like to welcome you to this here flight
Now entering 50 thousand feet
Get you higher than the sky
All day and all night
You have to enjoy the ride, haha
You got to enjoy the ride now
This is gonna last, at least five minutes of your time
Shit is crazy (drop!)
But a whole (drop!) Lifetime
Wow (drop!) Shit is amazing
Of the real rides (drop!)
Now if you are to look out your right window
(Need to get a hold of myself) You'll see a map  
That's Labcabincalifornia (I'ma be there)
Right over there (drop!)
It's just now flying over Hollywood (drop!)
Get a good glimpse now (cuts, Pharcyde, forever)
Hold on now (infinity)
A little turbulence, a little turbulence (Infinite and forever)
(Droppin' these nuts)
We're going down, we're going down
Where's Quentin?
(yeah) Hey M.O. looks like you're gonna have to
Grab the parachutes (I think I'm going)
It's time to drop down on Labcabincalifornia (outta my mind)
That'll be the spot
We just blew an engine
We're going down
It's going down
It's going down
It's going down
(Emecees are phony) it's going down
(Only the real survive) Only the real survive
(That's why we gotta drop it) Only the real survive
(That's why we gotta stop it) Survive
Only the real survive, hahaha
On all open mic (drop!)
Stand strong (drop!)
Yeah
Infinity
Thousand feet
Nine hundred feet
Five hundred feet
Zero
Ground zero
