La-da-da-da-dah
It's the m- D-O-double-G
Snoop Dogg!
La-da-da-da-dah
You know I'm mobbin' with the D.R.E.

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You know who's back up in this, motherfucker!
What? What? What? What?
So b- the w- up then
Just b- that sh- up, n-
Yeah, 'sup Snoop?

Top Dogg, bite 'em all, n- burn the sh- up
D-P-G-C, my n- turn that sh- up
C-P-T, L-B-C, yeah, we hookin' back up
And when they bang this in the club baby you got to get up
Thug n-, d- d-, yeah they givin' it up
Lowlife, yo' life, boy we livin' it up
Takin' chances while we dancin' in the party for sure
Slip my h- a - when she got in the back door

B- lookin' at me strange but you know I don't care
Step up in this m- just a-swangin' my hair
B- quit talkin', Cr- walk if if you down with the set
Take a b- with some d- and take this d- from this jet

Out of town, put it down for the Father of Rap
And if yo' a- get cracked, b- shut yo' trap
Come back, get back, that's the part of success
If you believe in the X you'll be relievin' your stress

La-da-da-da-dah
It's the m- D.R.E. (Dr. Dre, m-)
La-da-da-da-dah

You know I'm mobbin' with the D-O-double-G
Straight off the f- streets of C-P-T
King of the beats you ride to 'em in your Fleet (Fleetwood)
Or Coupe DeVille rollin' on dubs
How you feel? Whoopty whoop n- what?
Dre and Snoop ch- out in the 'llac
With D.O.C in the back, sippin' on -
C- in the str-, dippin' through hoods (What hoods?)
Compton, Long Beach, Inglewood

South Central out to the Westside
It's California Love, this California b- got a n-gang of pub
I'm on one, I might bail up in the Century Club
With my jeans on, and my team strong
Get my drink on, and my smoke on
Then go home with, somethin' to poke on (What's up b-?)
Loc it's on for the two-triple-oh
Comin' real, it's the next episode

Hold up, hey
For my n- who be thinkin' we soft
We don't, play
We gon' rock it 'til the wheels fall off
Hold up, hey
For my n- who be actin' too bold
Take a, seat
Hope you ready for the next episode
He-hey-hey-hey
S- w- everyday
