That's some good-ass weed
Check it out Dawg...
This game is a motherfuckin' trip man, word on the streets
Everybody always tryin' to run up on me
Hollerin' about word on the streets is this nigga said this
Man I don't give a fuck about what that nigga said man
That's what's wrong with you niggas, you niggas is just like bitches
Hoe ass niggas, talk too motherfuckin' much (Speak...)
Steady your own, get your own
You know what I'm sayin'?
Be independent nigga
Biaaaaatch!!! (Yeah...)

Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Bitch ass niggas (Beotch)
Bitch niggas (Bitch niggas)
Yeah I'm talkin' about you (Bitch niggas)
(And you too, hmm...)

Dawg, I meet mo' bitch niggas than hoes
Look here and I really don't know, but that's just how it go (Damn)
Dawg, so many niggas like to keep up shit
And just like a bitch (Bitch), niggas be talkin' shit (Nigga)
Smilin' in my face and then they blast me in the back
Niggas stay strapped from way back, cause payback...
I'll, make niggas wanna pop that shit
If you ain't ready for the game (uh-huh), nigga stop that shit
We rock that shit, my nigga Dre, drop that shit (Right)
No mo' talkn', I'm walkin' and I'm poppin' the clip
Glock on the hip, set trippin', drippin' and shit
If you act like a bitch (Nigga)
Nigga you get smacked like a bitch

Bitch niggas, bitch niggas, bitch niggas
These niggas don't know what the fuck is goin' on
Yo Dogg...
Check it kick back
Let me holla at these niggas for a minute

Straight off the streets of chaos and no pity
The aggravated, makin' these punk motherfuckers hate it
COMPTON... Is the city I'm from
Can't never leave the crib without a murder weapon, huh
I can't live my life on broke no mo'
And most of these fools ain't shit, but cutthroats
They smile in a nigga face, and for what?
They got the game all fucked up, and want my thing fucked up
I done learned a lot, seen a whole lot
The top notch nigga, I'm fiendin' for that spot
Now peep game on what Six-Two told me...

These niggas after yo' paper, Dr. D-R-E (What?)
And these punk-ass hoes is lookin' for dough
You gotta watch your homeboys, cause a nigga never know
Oh, they'll be around, but when yo' paper get low
Just like Master P said, "There they go, there they go"
Bitch niggas...

Attention all personnel (Uh-huh)
Stop scheamin', and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin', and... and, and... and-and, and... and lookin' hard

Bitch nigga, a bitch nigga
Bitch nigga, hella bitch nigga
You's a bitch nigga, motherfucker bitch nigga
A bitch nigga... a bitch nigga

I know yo' type, so much bitch in you, if it was slightly darker
Lights was little dimmer my dick be stuck up in yo' windpipe
Hmm, you'd rather blow me than fight, I'm from the old school
Like Romey Rome homey yo, you owe me the right
To slap you, like the bitch that you are, been wantin' to cap you
Every since you was mad doggin' me with that bitch in yo' car
Fool, "Who do you think you are? Mr. Bigster"
Man, you shit on Hitt, get yo' shit bust, plus
Pistol-whipped, cover it up, use yo' bitch's blush
Mr. Powder Puff yo', bark ain't loud enough, huh
I know Chihuahuas that's mo' rah-rah, ha ha
I have to laugh Dre, I bet he take bubble baths
You don't want no trouble with the Aftermath staff, trust me
Doggy Dogg, Diggy Doctor plus me
No you's a busta slash hussy, soft as a hush puppy
Must we break you down to estrogen most hated specimen, a bitch nigga

Stop scheamin', and lookin' hard
Stop... stop... stop scheamin', and lookin' hard Stop.stop.ah... op.op.stop.sch.sch.scheamin' and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin'...an... an.an.an.an.and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin', and lookin' hard
Stop schea... scheamin', and lookin' hard
Stop scheamin', and... and... and... stop scheamin', and lookin' hard
