(He was once a thug from around the way)
(Eazy, but you should)...
Bitch, shut the fuck up, get the fuck outta here
Yo, Dre (What's up?), gimme a funky-ass bassline
(What the fuck is up?)
(In the place to be)
(Coming on the mic is) (Eazy-mothafuckin-E)
(Dre is on the beat, Yella's on the cut)
(So listen up close while we rip shit up)
Well I'm Eazy-E, I got bitches galore
You may have a lot of bitches but I got much more
With my super duper group coming out to shoot
Eazy-E, muthafuckers cold knocking the boots
'Cause I'm a (hip-hop) thugster, I used to be a mugster
If you heard (Compton), you think I own a drugstore
Getting stupid because I know how
And if a sucker talks shit, I give him a...
8 ball sipping, the bitches are flipping
Slow down, I hit a dipping, continue my tripping
Hitting my switches, collect from my bitches
The money that I make so I can add to my riches
Fill my stash box and start rubbing my gat
Feeling good as hell because my pockets are fat
A hardcore villian cold roaming the streets
And wit a homie like Dre just supplying the beats
Because I'm a gansta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuck, I make you ask "what was it?"
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy duz it
(I was knocking muthafuckers out)
(What's your name boy?)
Funky, fresh Eazy-E
(Kick, kick that shit)
(Where you from fool, Compton, yeah)
Rolling through the hood, cold tearing shit up
Stick my head out the window and I say what's up
To the niggas on the corner cold bumping the box
But you know that's an alibi for slanging the rocks
A dice game started so I said "what the fuck"
So I put my shit in park and had to try my luck
Hard to roll wit my bitch jocking 24-7
Rolled them muthafuckers, ate 'em up, hit 11
Got another point, I made a ten a fo'
Was taking niggas money and was itching for mo'
Laughing in their faces and said "you're all making me rich"
Til one punk got jealous, cold slap my bitch
He pulled out his gat, I knew he wouldn't last
So I said to myself, "homeboy, you better think fast!"
He shot, then I shot
As you can see, I cold smoked his ass (ha ha)
Because I'm a gansta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuck, I make you ask "what was it?"
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy duz it
(Wait a minute, wait a minute, who does it)
Muthafuckin' Eazy duz it
(But how does he do it?)
(Eazy duz it do it eazy)
(That's what I'm doing)
(STOP)
(Man whatcha gonna do now?)
Now I'm a break it down just to tell a little story
Straight out the box from the gangsta category
About a sucker, a sucker muthafucker
He's addicted, he's a smoker but in Compton called a clucker
He used to have a house car and golden rings
But the cooky cooky crack took all those things
He must of been starving 'cause he broke in my house
Caught the nigga on the street and straight took his ass out!
Now I wanted for a murder that I had to commit
Yeah, I went to jail but that wasn't shit
She got to the station about a quarter of nine
Call my bitch to get me out 'cause I was down for mine
The bitch was a trip cold hung up the phone
Now my only phone call was in the ganking zone
All the shit I did for her like keeping her rich
I swear when I get out, I'm gonna kill the bitch!
Well by now you should know it was just my luck
The baliff of the station was a neighborhood cluck
I looked him straight in the eye and "said what's up?"
And said "let's make a deal, you know I'll do you up"
Now im back on the streets and my records are clean
I creeped on my bitch wit my Uzi machine
Went to the house and kicked down the door
Unloaded like hell, cold smoked the hoe!
Because I'm a gansta having fun
Never leave the pad without packing a gun
Hitting hard as fuck, I make you ask what was it
Boy you should have known by now, Eazy duz it
From around the way, born in '73
Harcore B-boy named Eazy-E
It's '88 now, '73's obselete
A nigga wit a serious ass attitude and 100% street
And if you all wanna hear some more
(In one way or the other, I'm a bad brother)
(Word to the muthafucker)
