War, war, war
Talkin' about y'alls such a bore
I'd rather talk about moi
Like, do you know the cost of AK's up in Africa?
Twenty dollars ain't shit to you
But that's how much they are
So they're gonna use this shit just to get by
Is gold, diamonds helpin' ya?
Don't you like my bandana?
My stains hang low
On my shirts like a-ya-ya
Monkey brains and banana
I'll hit you with my antenna
Put soap in my eye
Make it red so I look ra-ra-ra
So I woke up with my holy Qur'an and found out I like Allah-lah
So we shootin' 'til the song is up
Little boys are actin' up
Baby mamas are goin crazy
And the leaders all around crackin' up
We goat rich, we fry
Price of livin' in a shanty town just seems very high
But we still like T.I.
But we still look fly
Dancin' as we shootin' up
And lootin' just to get by
(Ha) with your feet on the air and your head on the ground
Try this trick and spin it, yeah
Your head'll collapse when there's nothing in it
And you'll ask yourself
Where is my mind? (mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind)
Where is my mind? (mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind)
Where is my mind? (mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind)
(Ha) war, war, war
Who made me like this?
Was it me and God in co-production?
My devil's on speed dial
Every time I take the wrong direction
All I want is one thing and that is what you got
Sometimes I go lose my mind, then I feel numb
There's twenty-four hours in a day
I used to split it eight, eight, eight
Eight work, eight sleep, eight for play
Now I give it all it takes
Now people on the Internet
A new life for the intellect
People judge me so hard
'Cause I don't floss my titty set (ha)
I was born out of dirt like I'm porn in a skirt
I was a little girl who made good with all that I blurt
I put people on the map that never seen a map
I show 'em something they ain't ever seen
And hope they make it back
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground
Try this trick and spin it, yeah
Your head'll collapse when there's nothing in it
And you'll ask yourself
Where is my mind? (mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind)
Where is my mind? (mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind)
Where is my mind? (mind, mind, mind, mind, mind, mind)
(Ha) with your feet on the air and your head on the ground
Try this trick and spin it, yeah
Your head'll collapse when there's nothing in it
And you'll ask yourself
Where is my mind?
