Hey Jack, what's happenin'?
I don't know
Well, uh, rumor around town says you might be thinkin' 'bout goin' down to the shore
Uh, yeah, I think I'm gonna go down to the shore
What ya gonna do down there?
Uh, I don't know
Play some video games, buy some Def Leppard T-shirts
Don't forget your Motley Crüe T-shirt!
You know all proceeds go to get their lead singer outta jail
Uh-huh
Can't wait to go down, hey, uh, were ya gonna check out the sand bar while you're down there?
Uh, what's the Sand Bar?
Ah, it's a place that lets sixteen year-old kids drink
Ah, cool
Yeah, hey, guess who's gonna be there?
Uh, who?
My favorite cover band, Crystal Ship
Wow
Yeah, they do a Doors show, you'd be really impressed, in fact, it goes a little like this
Love me two times, baby
Love me twice today
Love me two times, girl
'Cause I got AIDS
Love me two times, baby
Once for tomorrow
Once cause I got AIDS
Uh, pretty good Jim Morrison impersonation there
I hope those guys have a good sense of humor and don't take us into court
Uh, what's the court?
Never mind that, the important thing here (you mean the People's Court!)
The- no, that's another story
The important thing here is that we get to the part where you ask me how I'm gonna get down to the shore
Oh, how you gettin' down to the shore?
Funny you should ask, I've got a car now
Ah wow, how'd ya get a car?
Oh, my folks drove it up here from the Bahamas
You're kidding
I must be, the Bahamas are islands- okay, the important thing here is that, uh, you ask me what kinda car it is
Uh, uh, what kinda car do ya' got?
I've got a bitchin' Camaro
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro
I ran over my neighbors
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro
Now I'm in all the papers
My folks bought me a bitchin' Camaro
With no insurance to match
So if I happen to run you down
Please don't leave a scratch
I ran over some old lady
One night at the county fair
And I didn't get arrested
Because my dad's the mayor
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro
Donuts on your lawn
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro
Tony Orlando and Dawn
When I drive past the kids
They all spit and cuss
'Cause I've got a bitchin' Camaro
And they have to ride the bus
So you'd better get out of my way
When I come through your yard
'Cause I've got a bitchin' Camaro
And an Exxon credit card
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro
Hey man where ya headed?
Bitchin' Camaro, bitchin' Camaro
I don't want unleaded!
