Cruisin' Mos Espa in my De Lorean
War's over I'm a peacetime Mandalorian
My story has stumped Star Wars historians
Deep in debate buffet plate at Bennigans
Rhyme renegade sure to penetrate
First and second defense I won't hesitate
Got a job to do when Darth's the guy that delegates
Got something against Skywalker someone he really hates
I don't give a fuck. I'm after Solo
For all I care he could be hiding at Yoda's dojo
Gotta make the money, credit's no good
When the Jawas run the shop in your neighborhood
Think you can cook? I got a grappling hook
Let's make this quick coz I'm really booked
I'm a devious, degenerate defender of the devil
Shut down all the trash compactors on the detention level

My backpack's got jets. Well I'm Boba the Fett
Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt to finance my 'Vette
Well I chill in deep space, a mask is over my face
Well I deliver the prize but I still narrow my eyes
Coz my time I don't like to waste. Get down!

I'm a question wrapped inside an enigma
Get inside the Slave One, find your homing signal
From Endor to Hoth, Ripley to Spock
I'll find what you want, but there's gonna be a cost
Say my name is Boba Fett. I know my shit is tight
Start not acting right, you're frozen in carbonite
Got telescopic sight, flame throwers on my wrist
You still don't get the jist? Spiked boots are made to kick
Targets are made to hit. You think I give a shit?
Your mama is a bitch! I'll see you in the Sarlaac pit
You just flipped my switch, integrity been dissed
You scratchin' on my itch. You know I shoot to get
Got bambinas at cantinas waitin to lick my lusty lips
So I'll let you get back inside you're little space ship
Give you a head start, coz I'm the sporting kind
Consider the starting line-up the sneaky smile I hide inside
Hope you have hyper drive (drive), pray to stay alive (live)
Don't try to slip me a five coz I never take a bribe
To the beat of a different drummer, bad ass bounty hunter
Let no man put asunder or else they be put under
As in six feet. Got an imperial fleet
Backing me up. Gonna blow up any attempt to defeat
They got the Death Star, got four payments on my car
Hand it over to Hammerhead at Mos Eisley bar
He used to carjack, now he's a barback
Just goes to show how you can get back on the right track
Guess for me that's not an option, can't say that with more clarity
Me going legit would be like Jar Jar in speech therapy

My backpack's got jets. Well I'm Boba the Fett
Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt to finance my 'Vette
Well I chill in deep space, a mask is over my face
Well I deliver the prize but I still narrow my eyes
Coz my time I don't like to waste. Get down!

Slice you open like a tauntaun, faster than the Autobahn
Or a motorbike in Tron, do the deed and then I'm gone
Jabba has a hissyfit, contact Calrissian
Over a Colt, the plan unfolds, no politic is legit
Back in the day when I was a slave
Living life in the fast lane like in a pod race
My mean streak tweaked I became a basket case
So this space ace split that place post-haste
Took up a noble cause called the Clone Wars
Coz life's not all about girls and cars
Getting fucked up in fucked up bars
See I'm not a retard or gay like DeBarge
I'm large and in charge with a face so scarred
A cold black heart that's been torn apart
The Sith wish that they had a dick so hard
Coz it's long, long ago in a pussy far, far
Call me "master," coz I'm faster than Pryor on fire
I no longer have to hot wire
I'm a hunter for hire with no plans to retire
And all the sucka MC's can call me "Sire!"

My backpack's got jets
Well I'm Boba the Fett
Well I bounty hunt for Jabba Hutt
To finance my 'Vette
