Yo, Fat Lip man
Yo, man they tryin' to run a 5-0 move on us, man
Yo, man, you got to tell the suckers what's up, boy

I got a letter from the DMV the other day
I opened and read it, it said they were suckers
They tried to tell me that my license was suspended
I got offended for a minute then pretended

That I never even got the damn letter
It's nine o'clock on the dot, so I think I'd better
Scoot off to school, 'cause in class there's a test
I gotta dress fast, grab my glasses and my vest

Oh damn, as hardheaded as I am
Hopped in my hootie ride pumped up the jam
Put it in reverse into first and disperse and
From that very moment on my day got worse

As I was standing in the street, I suddenly seen the smoke
I know that Derek's on his way, I ran to get my coat
And a bag from the room it took a minute, boom
Hopped into the car, we drove away in a zoom

I assume doom as we were drivin' on the gravel
At any given minute we could have a shortened travel
So I ramble about my life is that's in shambles
Shoulda took the bus, a bus without the silence horses

Oh nice, I wish we had good bikes
We need to exercise maybe we could take a hike
And you could give Sheri back those car keys
Because everywhere I walk I would not have to say please

Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please

Away to our destination
No license no insurance not even registration
Tags on the plate say December '82
Car's so dirty it looks gray but it's really blue

Who would think we're up to good
Four black niggas ridin' through the neighborhood
In hats and glasses makin' funny passes
Like drivin' slowly playin' low-key for asses

Knowin' damn well one shine will harass us
And all the while we see girls jog
Sheri's little car is pourin' out smog
Then we made a right and I spotted one in tights

You live with your homeboys?
(Yeah, I live with my homeboys)
That's where you're takin' me to your house
Where your homeboys are?
(I mean but they're not home)
You ain't got your own crib?

Lights, action without the camera
Side-greens and high beams two to a tee
The blue coat billy goats are crowdin' up my rear view
Hot on the trail of an innocent being

My heartbeat is racin' at a pace so fast
I'm wishin' that the coppers would get off my ass
My tail, can't go to jail 'cause it's wack
What would happen to my girl and my record contract

Yo fellas take off the baseball caps
Word up I heard that the nerves get tapped
And throw on the glasses and give up the tees
Oh please, don't pull me over officer please

I'm discombobulated, discombobulated
Discombobulated malfunctionated faded
F-a-d-e-d, I can't believe it's me
Oh please, oh please, oh please, oh please

Oh please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please
Please, don't pull me over Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over Mr. Officer, please

You don't have a license, you have a warrant?
You have ninety parking tickets, we have to take you in
(We're getting pulled over!)
Okay so, nobody has a license?
Yeah you guys are definitely goin' to jail here
Okay, let's get that impound truck uh right over here
(We're getting pulled over, we're going to jail)
