Shucks!
Blues time here at the Roxy Theatre
Yeah!
Have mercy!

Talk to 'em now

Oh, baby

Why in the world do you wanna treat me so mean?
Oh, oh, hey, hey
Oh, oh, baby
Tell me why in the world do you wanna
Do you wanna treat me so dog-gone mean?
I want you to jump on out of bed and run into the bathroom
Bring me that brand new jar
That brand new jar of Vaseline
'Cause you see, I got jelly, jelly, jelly

Petroleum jelly all on my mind
Hey, hey, hey, uh
Jelly, jelly, oh, oh, is on my mind
Yes it is
Let me tell y'all
Jelly roll killed my daddy
It drove my mama stone blind
Stone, stone, hey, hey, hey

Give it to 'em, give it to 'em now
Oh! Oh! Ooh! Ooh!

YeahI been sittin' on my ass in Los Angeles, California
For oh, oh, oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo, hoo
Oh, girl
Lord have mercy, baby
Packin' my bags and down the road, down the road I'm goin'
Alright, here we go
Toy Caldwell on the guitar, let's go

Baby, when you walk

You shake, yeah, like a willow tree

Can't hardly stand it sometimes

Baby, when you walk, yeah

Lord, you shake it like a willow tree

Shakin' all over

The way you twitch and twist your stuff, baby
Oh, yeah, alright!

I feel like gettin' down tonight

I feel like tellin' the truth tonight
I wanna know if anybody out there wants to hear about my baby

I got to tell somebody 'bout my baby
When my sweet mama go walkin' down Sunset Strip

I said when my sweet baby go shakin' down Sunset Strip

I can't hardly stand to walk behind her
'Cause she be shakin' like Jell-o on a plate
Oh, it must be jelly 'cause jam don't shake like that
Oh, it must be jelly 'cause jam don't shake like that
She got her silver-studded red hot pants on
She got on her yellow high-heeled sneakers
She got on her purple see-through blouse
And she ain't wearin' no brassiere
Haha, oh, oh, she's shakin' like two balloons in a hurricane, ow! Oh

I gotta put this thing down here, Lord have mercy
She got on her rainbow-colored afro weave

Let me tell ya
She got her hand on her hip, lettin' her backbone slip
Got her hand on her hip, lettin' her backbone slip
And she was battin' her eyes

She was battin' her eyes

She was battin' her eyes, battin' her eyes, oh

Battin' her eyes and lookin' straight at me

She walks on over, looked me straight in the eye
She leaned over and whispered in my ear in that
Soft, slow Georgia accent of hers and she said
I wanna go out on a picnic with you, baby
Out under the big bright yellow sun
I need to go out on a picnic with you, baby
Out under the big bright yellow sun
She said, Jimmy, I'm gon' take care of your hot dog
If you take care of my bun

Lord have mercy, yes!
Mr. Toy Caldwell sittin' in with us, from the Marshall Tucker Band
Nothin' but the blues, yes indeed

Alright, get on down
