Right about now, NWA court is in full effect
Judge Dre residing in the case of NWA v.s. the police department
Prosecuting attourneys are MC Ren, Ice Cube, and Eazy motherfucking E
Order, order, order, Ice Cube take the motherfucking stand
Do you swear to tell the truth the whole truth and nothing, but the truth so help your black ass?
You god-damn right!
Well, won't you tell everybody what the fuck you gotta say?

Fuck the police coming straight from the underground
A young nigga got it bad 'cause I'm brown
And not the other color, so police think they have the authority to kill a minority
Fuck that shit, 'cause I ain't the one
For a punk motherfucker with a badge and a gun
To be beating on, and thrown in jail
We can go toe-to-toe in the middle of a cell

Fucking with me 'cause I'm a teenager
With a little bit of gold and a pager
Searching my car, looking for the prod-a
Thinkin' every nigga is sellin' narc-da'
You'd rather see me in the pen'
Than me and Lorenzo rolling in a Benz-o
Beat a police outta shape, and when I'm finished, bring the yellow tape
To tape off the scene of the slaughter
Still getting swole off bread and water
I don't know if they fag's, or what?
Search a nigga down and grabbing his nuts
And on the other hand, without a gun, they can't get none
But don't let it be a black and a white one
'Cause they'll slam ya down to the street top
Black police showing out for the white cop

Ice Cube will swarm on any motherfucker in a blue uniform
Just 'cause I'm from the CPT, punk police are afraid of me, huh
A young nigga on a warpath, and when I'm finished, it's gonna be a bloodbath
Of cops, dyin' in L.A., yo Dre, I got somethin' to say

Fuck the police, fuck-, fuck-
Fuck the police, fuck-, fuck-
Fuck the police, fuck the-, fuck the-
Fuck the police (example of scene one)

Pull your goddamn ass over right now
Aw shit, now what the fuck you pullin' me over for?
'Cause I feel like it, just sit your ass on the curb and shut the fuck up
Man, fuck this shit
Alright, smart-ass, I'm taking your black-ass to jail
MC Ren, will you please give your testimony to the jury about this fucked up incident?

Fuck the police and Ren said it with authority
Because the niggas on the street is a majority
A gang, is with whoever I'm steppin'
And the motherfuckin' weapon is kept in
A stash spot, for the so-called law
Wishing Ren was a nigga that they never saw
Lights start flashing behind me
But they're scared of a nigga, so they mace me to blind me

But that shit don't work, I just laugh
Because it gives 'em a hint not to step in my path
For police, I'm saying, "Fuck you, punk"
Reading my rights and shit, it's all junk
Pulling out a silly club, so you stand
With a fake-ass badge and a gun in your hand
But take off the gun so you can see what's up
And we'll go at it, punk, I'ma fuck you up

Make ya think I'ma kick your ass
But drop your gat, and Ren's gonna blast
I'm sneaky as fuck when it comes to crime
But I'ma smoke 'em now, and not next time
Smoke any motherfucker that sweats me
Any asshole that threatens me
I'm a sniper with a hell of a scope
Taking out a cop or two, they can't cope with me

The motherfucking villain that's mad with potential to get bad as fuck
So I'ma turn it around
Put in my clip, yo, and this is the sound
Yeah, something like that, but it all depends on the size of the gat
Takin' out a police would make my day
But a nigga like Ren don't give a fuck to say

Fuck the police, fuck-, fuck-
Fuck the police, fuck-, fuck-
Fuck the police, fuck the-, fuck the-
Fuck the police

Yeah, man, what you need?
Police, open now (aww, shit), we have a warrant for Eazy-E's arrest
Get down and put your hands right where I can see 'em!
Man, what the fuck did I do? Man, what did I do?
Just shut the fuck up and get your motherfucking ass on the floor!
But I didn't even do shit (man, just shut the fuck up!)

Eazy-E, won't you step up to the stand and tell the jury how you feel about this bullshit?

I'm tired of the motherfucking jacking
Sweating my gang while I'm chilling in the shack, and
Shining the light in my face, and for what?
Maybe, it's because I kick so much butt
I kick ass, or maybe 'cause I blast
On a stupid ass nigga when I'm playing with the trigger

Of any Uzi or an AK
'Cause the police always got something stupid to say
They put up my picture with silence
'Cause my identity by itself causes violence
The E with the criminal behavior
Yeah, I'm a gangster, but still, I got flavor
Without a gun and a badge, what do ya got?
A sucka in a uniform waiting to get shot

By me, or another nigga
And with a gat, it don't matter if he's smarter or bigger
(Size don't mean shit, he's from the old school, fool)
And as you all know, E's here to rule

Whenever I'm rolling, keep looking in the mirror
And ears on cue, yo, so I can hear a
Dumb motherfucker with a gun
And if I'm rolling off the eight, he'll be the one
That I take out, and then get away
While I'm driving off laughing, this is what I'll say

Fuck the police, fuck the-, fuck the-
Fuck the police, fuck-
Fuck the police, fuck-fuck-
Fuck the police (the verdict)

The jury has found you guilty of being a redneck, whitebread, chicken shit motherfucker
But wait, that's a lie! That's a god-damn lie!
Get him out of here (I want justice!)
Get him the fuck out my face (I want justice!)
Out, right now!
(Fuck you, you black motherfuckers!)

Fuck the police
Fuck the police
Fuck the police
