Here's a little somethin' bout a nigga like me
Never shoulda been let out the penitentiary
Ice Cube would like ta say
That I'm a crazy mothafucka from around the way
Since I was a youth, I smoked weed out
Now I'm the mutha fucka that ya read about
Takin' a life or two that's what the hell I do
You don't like how I'm livin well fuck you
This is a gang, and I'm in it
My man Dre'll fuck you up in a minute
With a right left, right left you toothless
And then you say goddamn they ruthless!
Everywhere we go they say (damn)
N W A's fuckin' up tha program
And then you realize we don't care
We don't just say no, we to busy sayin' yeah!
About drinkin'' straight out the eight bottle
Do I look like a mutha fuckin role model?
To a kid lookin' up ta me
Life ain't nothin' but bitches and money
'Cause I'm tha type o' nigga that's built ta last
If ya fuck wit me I'll put a foot in ya ass
See I don't give a fuck 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin''
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality"
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
"Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say"
When me and my posse stepped in the house
All the punk-ass niggas start breakin' out
'Cause you know, they know whassup
So we started lookin' for the bitches with the big butts
Like her, but she keep cryin'
"I got a boyfriend" Bitch stop lyin'
Dumb-ass hooker ain't nuttin' but a dyke
Suddenly I see, some niggas that I don't like
Walked over to em, and said, "Whassup?"
The first nigga that I saw, hit em in the jaw
Ren started stompin' em, and so did E
By that time got rushed by security
Out the door, but we don't quit
Ren said, "Let's start some shit!"
I got a shotgun, and here's the plot
Takin' niggas out with a flurry of buckshots
Boom boom boom, yeah I was gunnin
And then you look, all you see is niggas runnin'
And fallin' and yellin' and pushin and screamin'
And cussin', I stepped back, and I kept bustin'
And then I realized it's time for me to go
So I stopped, jumped in the vehicle
It's like this, because of that who-ride
N.W.A. is wanted for a homicide
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
See I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality"
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
"Hopin' you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say"
"He'll tell you exactly how he feel, and don't want a fuckin' thing back"
Homies all standin' around, just hangin'
Some dope-dealin', some gang-bangin'
We decide to roll and we deep
See a nigga on Dayton's and we creep
Real slow, and before you know
I had my shotgun pointed in the window
He got scared, and hit the gas
Right then, I knew I has to smoke his ass
He kept rollin', I jumped in the bucket
We couldn't catch him, so I said fuck it
Then we headed right back to the fort
Sweatin' all the bitches in the biker shorts
We didn't get no play, from the ladies
With six niggas in a car are you crazy?
She was scared, and it was showin'
We all said "Fuck you bitch!" and kept goin'
To the hood, and we was fin to
Find somethin' else to get into
Like some pussy, or in fact
A bum rush, but we call it rat pack
On a nigga for nothin' at all
Ice Cube'll go stupid when I'm full of eight ball
I might stumble, but still won't lose
Now I'm dressed in the county blues
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you Fuck with me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Here's a lil gangsta, short in size
A t-shirt and Levi's is his only disguise
Built like a tank yet hard to hit
Ice Cube and Eazy E cold runnin' shit
Well I'm Eazy E the one they're talkin' about
Nigga tried to roll the dice and just crapped out
Police tried to roll, so it's time to go
I creeped away real slow and jumped in the six-fo'
Wit the "Diamond in the back, sun-roof top"
Diggin' the scene with the gangsta lean
'Cause I'm the E, I don't slang or bang
I just smoke motherfuckers like it ain't no thang
And all you bitches, you know I'm talkin' to you
"We want to fuck you Eazy!" I want to fuck you too
'Cause you see, I don't really take no shit
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that's built to last
If you Fuck wit me, I'll put my foot in your ass
I don't give a fuck, 'cause I keep bailin'
Yo, what the fuck are they yellin'?
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality"
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
"Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say"
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
It's not about a salary, it's all about reality"
Gangsta, Gangsta! That's what they're yellin'
"Hopin you sophisticated motherfuckers hear what I have to say"
