I was a Junior in high school when I turned the TV on.
James Huberty went to a restaurant, shot everyone up with a machine gun.
It was from my hometown.
We talked about it til the sun went down.
Then everybody got up and stretched and yawned and then our lives went on.
And I just left Safeway, when I walked through my doorway.
When a guy took a bullet to an island and shot up a bunch of little kids up in Norway.
Called a few of my friends round here, but no one much really cared.
But I did, because I've got a lot of friends there.
I just arrived in Seoul, by way of Beijing.
I had an hour to myself in my hotel when I turned on the TV.
It was quite a thriller, CNN was recording the bat man killer.
His eyes were glazed like he was from Mars.
Yesterday he was no one, today he was a star.
I was down in New Orleans, at the model o.
Enjoying some time all to myself when I turned the TV on.
There were shootings in a Portland mall.
It was everyday America and that's all.
It was just another one walked down Royal Street, the rest of the world was out having fun.
December fourteenth, another killing went down.
I got a letter from a fan he said Mark say a prayer for Newtown.
I ain't one to pray, but I'm one to sing and play for women and children and moms and dads and brothers and sisters and uncles and aunts.
December twenty-fifth, and I was just laying down.
I picked up a pen, I wrote a letter to the guy in Newtown.
I said I'm sorry bout the killings, and the teachers who lost their lives.
I felt it coming on, I felt it in my bones and I don't know why.
So when Christmas comes and you're out running around.
Take a moment to pause and think of the kids that died in Newtown.
They went so young, who gave their lives.
To make us stop and think and try to get it right.
Were so young, a cloud so dark over them.
And they left home, gave their mom and dad a kiss and a hug.
So when your birthday comes and you're feeling pretty good, bake a cake for an orphan and stuff your mouth with food.
Check it off for the children who lost their lives.
Think of their families and how they mourn and cry.
When you're gonna get married and you're out shopping around, take a moment to think about the families that lost so much in Newtown.
