Hi Mrs. Lynch, this is Mrs. Zubrod
I'm calling from Deerfield Elementary about your son Jason
Um, I've been having a few concerns just about his ability to focus in class, there are some options that I've briefly discussed...
Uh, Mrs. Lynch, this is Mr. Bailey, Jason's fifth grade teacher
I'm calling cause I'm very concerned about your son...
Mrs. Lynch, this is Principal Reynolds, calling again for the third time, please give us a call back as soon as you can,
Uh Jason has been suspended from school again,
And it's becoming a real problem for the kids...
Hi, this is Stacey, the total for this case will be 7,550 dollars
Please give me a call back...

I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
I can't take it, I can't take this shit no more
You gon' be bad forever
Forever, forever
Nigga you gon' be bad forever
Forever

Who the realest?
Who the gangsta? Who the killa? Who that nigga?
Who the trillest?
Who the shooter? Who got shot? Who survived?
Who diminished? Who the witness? Who detective?
Who the medic? Who the dad? Who arrested?
You the dad, you the lesson
We survived, we ain't stressin'
I was tryna live it
I was tryna be it
I live with my mother and stepfather, both have degrees, was heated
Went the college route
But I doubt that I'm going to college now
I was tryna be flyer than Batman
So I got me this rap, man
And I started stealing and turned into Robin now
I'm just a middle class nigga who's class was a mixture
Of them spellin' bee winners and them PG killas
Flop flop flop flop
Hit your ass with bananas they gorillas
Knock knock knock knock
At my door, asking me to come and kick it
I was different, see my family distanced me, but I was curious
The mystery of chilling down the street, knowing I shouldn't be
Was lit to me and that's the reason why that I am literally
The only one to go to jail in my family's history
A good-home-I-don't-give-a-fuck trap nigga
Steal the strap from my neighbor's safe, blap blap nigga
They gon' still throw my ass in the jail with the killas
At the end of the day, I'm a young black nigga
I'm a good-home-I-don't-give-a-fuck trap nigga
Steal the strap from my neighbor's safe, blap blap nigga
They gon' still throw my ass in the jail with the killas
At the end of the day, I'm a young black nigga

Who's that knocking?
Who's that knocking at my door?
